kotomi show happen either from college
engineering and highly medical have
exposed offensive song have Jackie a can
challenge a moon rock handy-dandy 1/2 C
nanohub hang flutter by 1/2 Oh Debbie
can boom Bucca Kasasa a so quit
igano-kun I'm no your by had an opera
head prepare high load yet pen soon car
has to cope happen and I had a name
now lasting he from they couldn't
opening a nigga cool girl from stem cell
halftime show man stem cell key from the
front opening a niche and I'm had a
visual mere loom Bella and her bra so my
god nah stay me say Oh Nick knack
maybe mood media and that I would have
sink now on me that happen
now they me and route babka's custom
sale that mine have super classic attack
time and to entertain convolute the name
so on now hotel number now your tongue
right on yet now have the Oh floppy
up camping more now have the hike
on Titan II high cap have some zap
Sakuya
so thank you all right
since identity somebody inaudible tied
into a Maccabean no Tamina sensor my
math is a cardigan so all I get are
nighlok I know but all the business I
was a boxer passive not self up so which
I so come on never do huh live I was
absolutely on the rock guy Moldovan I
wrap up no.1 blue Barranco Suzumiya for
summer 2002 monoxide I won some so
stupid they're all right
these about the pencils still have some
of halftime
but also tiny c'mon me
come from ornament ramped up high
because I am 7l hills importantly the
same issue with stem cells happy the
better side that would be one uniquely I
tap it allows I'm Sonya haha
come on yet mama detachable department
come on Anna only their boutique also
need a satellite muscle hahaha meet you
it happen
I mean Ananya to depositing a papaya
moon certain achieve it Mikasa percent
in mind this all their premise a pumpkin
palm up event and abilities themselves
I'm somebody a sentiment I let me see it
yeah being upon Megan behind Baba bhai
my sighting that I'll have to me to get
that concise Eddie with a few nano
Watergate matter ten men from the book a
also written I mentioned
Thailand you can Mali and knock out your
app and to conserve you know I got mad
when we spent there that New York ID -
in common with my co bvy hello
China I mean why potential for that one
guy put me up major seventh on the New
York of lighting team neurotic and I'm
not even heard of we got a certificate
and I'm loopy the parties like Harvey
ballet or whatever
Calvera hot sell assistant lipo
transfers infinity beyond Asia and after
I can teach a guy kite man so he could
definitely have never a friend so people
never buy now we support that is how I
am I so teen of Eternia you'll be the
last to be dilated
a former models plastic surgery
nightmare it took away my natural look
to me I had no chick comes live her
heartbroken celebrity daughter this has
been a tough 12 years watching her go
through this and the extra life changer
who performed a miracle makeover with no
pioneer of the non-surgical stem cell
left dr. Newman the only man Marla
maples trusted to repair cosmetic
surgeon Nathan Newman says he's doing
more than just a fad just two weeks
after her procedure Rachael is thrilled
they look in the mirror and I love what
they see this is me this is my smile
this is my skin it's not fake in Los
that were replacing and it will
incorporate into the tissues and will
become part of your own tissues all fat
has stem cells but what dr. Newman does
is he separates it out and then he adds
it back in where he doubles or triples
the concentration of the stem cells
and cancer that required the removal of
part of his job nerves they were
basically exposed they are rot he then
doubles and triples a concentration of
stem cells before not only can the
fattened stem cells be used for cosmetic
reasons dr. Newman says the stem cells
are so smart
they can also break up scarring caused
by the cancer treatment and rebuild and
reconstruct surrounding tissues it took
about two years and about twenty four
injections Herschel says nobody can even
tell he ever had a dent in his jaw and
the nerves and tissues appeared to have
healed he has gave me my face back he
has given my confident back he is
getting my hope back and the price of
the procedure
them stem cells now we've had this
scientific breakthrough of creating
these pluripotent stem cells in adult
cells do we still need federal funding
for research would you still support
that for embryo stem cell well keep in
mind the way the stem cell su that
research now if in fact adult stem cell
lines are working just as well then of
course we would we should try to avoid
any kind of moral arguments okay
let make up it evening know it can be d
in a half heat Hamblin hi Nia now then
I'm home and have here
Bangkok camera platform they have pitch
a whole group is have from Sen now let's
see the camera and have come home who
couldn't have the salsa a sue Loretta
bad teen home heroin and have died yeah
tops up you know water come in my nap
la copycat of yummy Franklin have we're
out from Lyon have some blood pressure
from a sea and never call developing
soon Fang Kang Sukho pop Nana's had
Highland medical happy on catching up